Name: Soroush Bahrami
Student ID: 152499182
Seneca Email: sbahrami7@myseneca.ca
MS6
Reflection:

This workshop was the most challenging work I had done in both semesters. Despite the fact that I didn’t have much trouble doing the first 5 milestones and also the workshops, I had difficulty figuring out most of the functions in this milestone. First of all, to start with the constructor, I spent a lot of time figuring out where I should set the value of new class data. First I wrote a separate condition for them, which was wrong, and eventually I understood where I had to put them. The rest of the function was not changed from my last milestone. The next function that I had difficulty doing was parkVehicle() function, lines 69, 70 and similarly for Motorcycle, lines 80 and 81. At first my code was m_parkingSpots[i]->setParkingSpot(i); which was wrong. Another thing that confused me was how not to set in CSV mode, which I spent a while thinking about. The rest of the function was easy and I had no trouble completing it. ReturnVehicle() had a very interesting part, which wasn’t difficult for me, but very interesting. We needed to find out if the licence number which the user inputs is more than 8 characters. So what I did was that with cin.get(), I read 10 characters which is one more character than the number required, so that the program would find out if the input is invalid and more than 8 characters. I used the toUpper function from utils to simplify my solution. I didn’t have trouble with Parking Status and save function. The most difficult and important part for me was load() function. I spent a lot of time working on it and it was quite frustrating. I had to learn using ifstream most importantly. There were other things like using .get() and .eof(). The rest of the function was also complex, but I had learnt a lot of things from previous functions which I used in it. I also made another function called findspot(), to simplify my code. My code almost works, but it gives some errors about not initializing values. I tried to have a default constructor but that doesn’t work. 
